-Hello, how are you doing?
-Good, thanks.
Nice to meet you. Guillaume.
-Where do you want to go?
-To my hotel, please.
If you could play a match against any player
of the history, who would it be?
I would love to play against Monica Seles
cause she's been my idol growing up.
I started playing tennis because of her.
She comes from Serbia, they showed her matches
and I loved her style.
It is thanks to Mrs Seles that you started tennis?
-Yes.
-When did you start?
There was a commercial for a tennis court
so I wrote down the number. I was less than 5.
I told my mum I wanted to play tennis
and she was like "you should go to ballet".
"No, I really want tennis."
For my 5th birthday I got a small tennis racket
and that's how it started.
What is your favorite line of your favorite movie?
I would say the one from "Marygold Hotel":
"Everything will work out in the end
and if it hasn't worked out, it's not the end."
Do you remember
the emotion you felt
when you won Roland Garros in 2008?
I remember trying to climb the fence
to reach my family
and the 1st person I hugged was my brother.
It was an amazing moment.
And when the national anthem came on
I was really trying hard not to cry.
I had tears in my eyes.
It's something that will be with me forever.
Choose a thing in the funny box.
I would never ever go for blond hair.
Actually not too bad.
A little bit Marilyn Monroe style.
-I wish you all the best.
-Thank you.
-Many thanks.
-See you.